okay this is the latest DSN system 1 4 5
now ever have this car a brand new card
the app for Swedish car
yeah tested on my DSi 1 4 5 and this
this car is released into market today
so and you were noticed the official
mobile site and you may notice that they
change there is an open chips
ok so now I will use my memory card
which has been installed they played the
earlier the 1 6 full honey
Samia and have a testy form ideas I'm
long for five yes
okay
so you can say Harry's in the game
hacker the bump of man okay no it's
gender wrong
yeah Joe an artist this is the her
devotion 1/6 for P so there is no from
opportunity for this color itself
okay then Herbert this new car on my 3d
is okay and do another step it's radius
system version 1 5 or 10 so how about
yeah this car almost radius okay if you
say man
recognized okay Paris began
okay it's walk perfect right so now you
will wondering where to buy this curve
here is my suggestion it's radius
cart.com well notice is what was said
here is your car okay bye